Good news, good news.
I heard that Hui Thien was fired by Giang Vinh Group
Really.
He said, "Will you quit your job or be fired?"
It was 10 minutes ago.
I heard that the great lady of Jiang Vinh Group, the new merchant, you three have already lit the fire.
God help.
I didn't expect Jiang Thien Hao to be so smart.
You gave the company to such a stupid girl.
He did his best to steal it.
I accept this.
But Hà total
We at Hang Thai Group finally thought that Hsui Gong, did he come?
he will definitely come
I have to go to the car in person.
You really are the best.
Sister, this is such a difficult problem.
From heaven stopped.
Do you think the director has anything else to do?
I asked you why you're still here waiting for people.
Jiang Bay Group, you will not keep waiting for such things.
General Director Jiang, we said it's not like this.
After you quit your job
The construction site of the river crossing suddenly
Then I asked clearly.
Before you quit, you modified my blueprints on your own.
Go to the construction site
After you go, there is a problem with the project.
I am currently seriously injured.
You've maliciously ruined our company's construction project.